[Feature][Docs] Add English version of "system-manual" to the documentation (#190)
apache/incubator-dolphinscheduler-website: docs/en-us/1.3.2/user_doc/system-manual.md

- Add a timing that is executed once every day at 5 AM, as shown in the following figure:
  <p align="center">
      <img src="/img/timer-en.png" width="80%" />
  </p>
- Failure strategy, notification strategy, process priority, worker group, notification group, recipient, and CC are the same as [workflow running parameters](#runParamers).
- Click the "Create" button to create the timing successfully. At this time, the timing status is "**Offline**" and the timing needs to be **Online** to take effect.
- Timing online: Click the "timing management" button <img src="/img/timeManagement.png" width="35"/>, enter the timing management page, click the "online" button, the timing status will change to "online", as shown in the below figure, the workflow takes effect regularly.
  <p align="center">
      <img src="/img/time-manage-list-en.png" width="80%" />
  </p>

#### 2.3.5 Import workflow

Click Project Management -> Workflow -> Workflow Definition to enter the workflow definition page, click the "Import Workflow" button to import the local workflow file, the workflow definition list displays the imported workflow, and the status is offline.

> #### 2.4 Workflow example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 2.4 Workflow instance
```

> #### 2.4.1 View workflow example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 2.4.1 View workflow instance
```

  </p>

#### 2.4.2 View task log

- Enter the workflow instance page, click the workflow name, enter the DAG view page, double-click the task node, as shown in the following figure:
   <p align="center">
     <img src="/img/instanceViewLog-en.png" width="80%" />
   </p>
- Click "View Log", a log pop-up box will pop up, as shown in the figure below, the task log can also be viewed on the task instance page, refer to [Task View Log](#taskLog)。
   <p align="center">
     <img src="/img/task-log-en.png" width="80%" />
   </p>

#### 2.4.3 View task history

- Click Project Management -> Workflow -> Workflow Instance to enter the workflow instance page, and click the workflow name to enter the workflow DAG page;
- Double-click the task node, as shown in the figure below, click "View History" to jump to the task instance page, and display a list of task instances running by the workflow instance
   <p align="center">
     <img src="/img/task_history_en.png" width="80%" />
   </p>

#### 2.4.4 View operating parameters

- Click Project Management -> Workflow -> Workflow Instance to enter the workflow instance page, and click the workflow name to enter the workflow DAG page;

> - Click the icon in the upper left corner<img src="/img/run_params_button.png" width="35"/>，View the startup parameters of the workflow instance; click the icon<img src="/img/global_param.png" width="35"/>，View the global and local parameters of the workflow instance, as shown in the following figure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Click the icon in the upper left corner<img src="/img/run_params_button.png" width="35"/>，View the startup parameters of the workflow instance; click the icon<img src="/img/global_param.png" width="35"/>, View the global and local parameters of the workflow instance, as shown in the following figure:
```

   <p align="center">
     <img src="/img/run_params_en.png" width="80%" />
   </p>

#### 2.4.4 Workflow instance operation function

Click Project Management -> Workflow -> Workflow Instance to enter the Workflow Instance page, as shown in the figure below:

  <p align="center">
    <img src="/img/instance-list-en.png" width="80%" />
  </p>

> - **Edit：** Only terminated processes can be edited. Click the "Edit" button or the name of the workflow instance to enter the DAG editing page. After editing, click the "Save" button to pop up the Save DAG pop-up box, as shown in the figure below. In the pop-up box, check "Whether to update to workflow definition" and save After that, the workflow definition will be updated; if it is not checked, the workflow definition will not be updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Edit：** Only terminated processes can be edited. Click the "Edit" button or the name of the workflow instance to enter the DAG edit page. After edit, click the "Save" button to pop up the Save DAG pop-up box, as shown in the figure below. In the pop-up box, check "Whether to update to workflow definition" and save After that, the workflow definition will be updated; if it is not checked, the workflow definition will not be updated.
```

     <p align="center">
       <img src="/img/editDag-en.png" width="80%" />
     </p>
- **Rerun：** Re-execute the terminated process.
- **Recovery failed：** For failed processes, you can perform recovery operations, starting from the failed node.

> - **stop：** To **stop** the running process, the background will first `kill`worker process, and then execute `kill -9` operation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **stop：** To **stop** the running process, the background will first `kill`worker process, and then execute `kill -9` operation       just kill process, why we need to kill worker process?
```

- **Delete:** Delete the workflow instance and the task instance under the workflow instance
- **Gantt chart:** The vertical axis of the Gantt chart is the topological sorting of task instances under a certain workflow instance, and the horizontal axis is the running time of the task instances, as shown in the figure:
     <p align="center">
         <img src="/img/gantt-en.png" width="80%" />
     </p>

#### 2.5 Task instance

- Click Project Management -> Workflow -> Task Instance to enter the task instance page, as shown in the figure below, click the name of the workflow instance, you can jump to the workflow instance DAG chart to view the task status.
     <p align="center">
        <img src="/img/task-list-en.png" width="80%" />
     </p>

- <span id=taskLog>View log：</span>Click the "view log" button in the operation column to view the log of task execution.
     <p align="center">
        <img src="/img/task-log2-en.png" width="80%" />
     </p>

### 3. Resource Center

#### 3.1 hdfs resource configuration

- Upload resource files and udf functions, all uploaded files and resources will be stored on hdfs, so the following configuration items are required:

```

> conf/common/common.properties # Users who have permission to create directories under the HDFS root path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
conf/common/common.properties 
# Users who have permission to create directories under the HDFS root path
```

> hdfs.root.user=hdfs # data base dir, resource file will store to this hadoop hdfs path, self configuration, please make sure the directory exists on hdfs and have read write permissions。"/escheduler" is recommended

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hdfs.root.user=hdfs 
# data base dir, resource file will store to this hadoop hdfs path, self configuration, please make sure the directory exists on hdfs and have read write permissions。"/escheduler" is recommended
```

> data.store2hdfs.basepath=/dolphinscheduler # resource upload startup type : HDFS,S3,NONE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
data.store2hdfs.basepath=/dolphinscheduler 
# resource upload startup type : HDFS,S3,NONE
```

> res.upload.startup.type=HDFS # whether kerberos starts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
res.upload.startup.type=HDFS
# whether kerberos starts
```

> hadoop.security.authentication.startup.state=false # java.security.krb5.conf path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hadoop.security.authentication.startup.state=false 
# java.security.krb5.conf path
```

> java.security.krb5.conf.path=/opt/krb5.conf # loginUserFromKeytab user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
java.security.krb5.conf.path=/opt/krb5.conf 
# loginUserFromKeytab user
```

> login.user.keytab.username=hdfs-mycluster@ESZ.COM # loginUserFromKeytab path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
login.user.keytab.username=hdfs-mycluster@ESZ.COM 
# loginUserFromKeytab path
```

login.user.keytab.path=/opt/hdfs.headless.keytab

> conf/common/hadoop.properties # ha or single namenode,If namenode ha needs to copy core-site.xml and hdfs-site.xml # to the conf directory，support s3，for example : s3a://dolphinscheduler

Reviewer: ```suggestion
conf/common/hadoop.properties 
# ha or single namenode,If namenode ha needs to copy core-site.xml and hdfs-site.xml # to the conf directory，support s3，for example : s3a://dolphinscheduler
```

fs.defaultFS=hdfs://mycluster:8020
#resourcemanager ha note this need ips , this empty if single

> yarn.resourcemanager.ha.rm.ids=192.168.xx.xx,192.168.xx.xx # If it is a single resourcemanager, you only need to configure one host name. If it is resourcemanager HA, the default configuration is fine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
yarn.resourcemanager.ha.rm.ids=192.168.xx.xx,192.168.xx.xx 
# If it is a single resourcemanager, you only need to configure one host name. If it is resourcemanager HA, the default configuration is fine
```

yarn.application.status.address=http://xxxx:8088/ws/v1/cluster/apps/%s

````

- Only one address needs to be configured for yarn.resourcemanager.ha.rm.ids and yarn.application.status.address, and the other address is empty.
- You need to copy core-site.xml and hdfs-site.xml from the conf directory of the Hadoop cluster to the conf directory of the dolphinscheduler project, and restart the api-server service.

#### 3.2 File management

> > It is the management of various resource files, including creating basic txt/log/sh/conf/py/java and other files, uploading jar packages and other types of files, which can be edited, renamed, downloaded, deleted and other operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> It is the management of various resource files, including creating basic txt/log/sh/conf/py/java and other files, uploading jar packages and other types of files, and can do edit, rename, download, delete and other operations.
```

# System User Manual

## Get started quickly

> Please refer to [Quick Start](quick-start.html)

## Operation guide

### 1. Home

The home page contains task status statistics, process status statistics, and workflow definition statistics for all projects of the user.

<p align="center">
<img src="/img/home_en.png" width="80%" />
</p>

### 2. Project management

#### 2.1 Create project

- Click "Project Management" to enter the project management page, click the "Create Project" button, enter the project name, project description, and click "Submit" to create a new project.

  <p align="center">
      <img src="/img/create_project_en1.png" width="80%" />
  </p>

#### 2.2 Project home

- Click the project name link on the project management page to enter the project home page, as shown in the figure below, the project home page contains the task status statistics, process status statistics, and workflow definition statistics of the project.
  <p align="center">
     <img src="/img/project_home_en.png" width="80%" />
  </p>

> - Task status statistics: within the specified time range, count the number of tasks in the task instance as successful submission, running, ready to pause, pause, ready to stop, stop, failure, success, fault tolerance, kill, and waiting threads

Reviewer: Please keep task status count translate the same with work flow count translate.

- Process status statistics: within the specified time range, count the number of the status of the workflow instance as submission success, running, ready to pause, pause, ready to stop, stop, failure, success, fault tolerance, kill, and waiting threads

> - Workflow definition statistics: Count the workflow definitions created by users and the workflow definitions granted to this user by the administrator

Reviewer: created by this user

#### 2.3 Workflow definition

> #### <span id=creatDag>2.3.1 Create a workflow definition</span>

Reviewer: Create workflow definition

- Click Project Management -> Workflow -> Workflow Definition to enter the workflow definition page, and click the "Create Workflow" button to enter the **workflow DAG edit** page, as shown in the following figure:
  <p align="center">
      <img src="/img/dag5.png" width="80%" />
  </p>
- Drag in the toolbar <img src="/img/shell.png" width="35"/> Add a Shell task to the drawing board, as shown in the figure below:
  <p align="center">
      <img src="/img/shell-en.png" width="80%" />
  </p>

> - **Add parameter settings for shell tasks:**

Reviewer: for this shell task

1. Fill in the "Node Name", "Description", and "Script" fields;

> 2. Check “Normal” for “Run Flag”. If “Prohibit Execution” is checked, the task will not be executed when running the workflow;

Reviewer: when run the workflow

3. Select "Task Priority": When the number of worker threads is insufficient, high-level tasks will be executed first in the execution queue, and tasks with the same priority will be executed in the order of first in, first out;

> 4. Timeout alarm (not required): Check the timeout alarm, timeout failure, and fill in the "timeout period". When the task execution time exceeds **timeout period**, an alert email will be sent and the task timeout fails;

Reviewer: not required to optional

> 4. Timeout alarm (not required): Check the timeout alarm, timeout failure, and fill in the "timeout period". When the task execution time exceeds **timeout period**, an alert email will be sent and the task timeout fails;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Timeout alarm (optional): Check the timeout alarm, timeout failure, and fill in the "timeout period". When the task execution time exceeds **timeout period**, an alert email will be sent and the task timeout fails;
```

5. Resources (optional). Resource files are files created or uploaded on the Resource Center -> File Management page. For example, the file name is `test.sh`, and the command to call the resource in the script is `sh test.sh`;

> 6. Custom parameters (not required), refer to [Custom Parameters](#UserDefinedParameters);

Reviewer: not required to optional

> 6. Custom parameters (not required), refer to [Custom Parameters](#UserDefinedParameters);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Custom parameters (optional), refer to [Custom Parameters](#UserDefinedParameters);
```

> 6. Custom parameters (not required), refer to [Custom Parameters](#UserDefinedParameters);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Custom parameters (optional), refer to [Custom Parameters](#UserDefinedParameters);
```

7. Click the "Confirm Add" button to save the task settings.

> - **Increase the order of task execution:** Click the icon in the upper right corner <img src="/img/line.png" width="35"/> to connect the task; as shown in the figure below, task 2 and task 3 are executed in parallel, When task 1 is executed, tasks 2 and 3 will be executed simultaneously.

Reviewer: When task 1 finish execute

  <p align="center">
     <img src="/img/dag7.png" width="80%" />
  </p>

- **Save workflow definition:** Click the "Save" button, and the "Set DAG chart name" pop-up box will pop up, as shown in the figure below. Enter the workflow definition name, workflow definition description, and set global parameters (optional, refer to [ Custom parameters](#UserDefinedParameters)), click the "Add" button, and the workflow definition is created successfully.
  <p align="center">
     <img src="/img/dag8.png" width="80%" />
   </p>
> For other types of tasks, please refer to [Task Node Type and Parameter Settings](#TaskParamers).

#### 2.3.2 Workflow definition operation function

Click Project Management -> Workflow -> Workflow Definition to enter the workflow definition page, as shown below:

<p align="center">
<img src="/img/work_list_en.png" width="80%" />
</p>
The operation functions of the workflow definition list are as follows:

- **Edit:** Only "offline" workflow definitions can be edited. Workflow DAG editing is the same as [Create Workflow Definition](#creatDag).

> - **Online:** When the workflow status is "Offline", the workflow is online. Only the workflow in the "Online" state can run, but cannot be edited.

Reviewer: When the workflow status is "Offline", used to online workflow.

> - **Offline:** When the workflow status is "Online", the workflow is offline. Only the workflow in the "Offline" state can be edited, but not run.

Reviewer: When the workflow status is "Online", used to offline workflow.

- **Run:** Only workflow in the online state can run. See [2.3.3 Run Workflow](#runWorkflow) for the operation steps
- **Timing:** Timing can only be set in online workflows, and the system automatically schedules the workflow to run on a regular basis. The status after creating a timing is "offline", and the timing must be online on the timing management page to take effect. See [2.3.4 Workflow Timing](#creatTiming) for timing operation steps.
- **Timing Management:** The timing management page can be edited, online/offline, and deleted.
- **Delete:** Delete the workflow definition.
- **Download:** Download workflow definition to local.
- **Tree Diagram:** Display the task node type and task status in a tree structure, as shown in the figure below:
  <p align="center">
      <img src="/img/tree_en.png" width="80%" />
  </p>

#### <span id=runWorkflow>2.3.3 Run the workflow</span>

> - Click Project Management -> Workflow -> Workflow Definition to enter the workflow definition page, as shown in the figure below, click the "Go Online" button <img src="/img/online.png" width="35"/>，Go online workflow.

Reviewer: Go online workflow -> to online workflow

  <p align="center">
      <img src="/img/work_list_en.png" width="80%" />
  </p>

- Click the "Run" button to pop up the startup parameter setting pop-up box, as shown in the figure below, set the startup parameters, click the "Run" button in the pop-up box, the workflow starts running, and the workflow instance page generates a workflow instance.
     <p align="center">
       <img src="/img/run_work_en.png" width="80%" />
     </p>  
  <span id=runParamers>Description of workflow operating parameters:</span> 
       
      * Failure strategy: When a task node fails to execute, other parallel task nodes need to execute the strategy. "Continue" means: after a certain task fails, other task nodes execute normally; "End" means: terminate all tasks being executed, and terminate the entire process.

>       * Notification strategy: When the process is over, the process execution information notification email is sent according to the process status, including any status is not sent, successful, failed, successful or failed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Notification strategy: When the process is over, the process execution information notification email is sent according to the process status, _including any status is not sent, successful, failed, successful or failed._ need improve
```

      * Worker group: The process can only be executed in the specified worker machine group. The default is Default, which can be executed on any worker.
      * Notification group: select notification strategy||timeout alarm||when fault tolerance occurs, process information or email will be sent to all members in the notification group.
      * Recipient: Select notification policy||Timeout alarm||When fault tolerance occurs, process information or alarm email will be sent to the recipient list.
      * Cc: Select the notification strategy||Timeout alarm||When fault tolerance occurs, the process information or warning email will be copied to the CC list.
      * Complement: Two modes including serial complement and parallel complement. Serial complement: within the specified time range, the complement is executed sequentially from the start date to the end date, and only one process instance is generated; parallel complement: within the specified time range, multiple days are complemented at the same time to generate N process instances.

>     * Complement: Execute the workflow definition of the specified date, you can select the time range of the complement (currently only supports the complement for consecutive days), for example, you need to supplement the data from September 19 to October 16, as shown in the following figure: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * supplement the data from September 19 to October 16 
```date not the same as cn version

    <p align="center">
        <img src="/img/complement_en.png" width="80%" />
    </p>

  > Serial mode: The complement is executed sequentially from September 19 to October 16, and a process instance is generated on the process instance page;

  > Parallel mode: The tasks from September 19 to October 16 are executed simultaneously, and 28 process instances are generated on the process instance page.

#### <span id=creatTiming>2.3.4 Workflow timing</span>

- Create timing: Click Project Management->Workflow->Workflow Definition, enter the workflow definition page, go online the workflow, click the "timing" button <img src="/img/timing.png" width="35"/> ,The timing parameter setting dialog box pops up, as shown in the figure below:
  <p align="center">
      <img src="/img/time_schedule_en.png" width="80%" />
  </p>
- Choose the start and end time. In the start and end time range, the workflow is run at regular intervals; not in the start and end time range, no more regular workflow instances are generated.
- Add a timing that is executed once every day at 5 AM, as shown in the following figure:
  <p align="center">
      <img src="/img/timer-en.png" width="80%" />
  </p>

> - Failure strategy, notification strategy, process priority, worker grouping, notification group, recipient, and CC are the same as [workflow running parameters](#runParamers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- worker grouping
```

- Click the "Create" button to create the timing successfully. At this time, the timing status is "**Offline**" and the timing needs to be **Online** to take effect.

> - Timed online: Click the "timing management" button <img src="/img/timeManagement.png" width="35"/>, enter the timing management page, click the "online" button, the timing status will change to "online", as follows As shown in the figure, the workflow takes effect regularly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Timing online: Click the "timing management" button <img src="/img/timeManagement.png" width="35"/>, enter the timing management page, click the "online" button, the timing status will change to "online", as shown in the below figure, the workflow takes effect regularly.
```

- Username: Set the username for connecting to HIVE
- Password: Set the password for connecting to HIVE
- Database name: Enter the name of the database connected to HIVE
- Jdbc connection parameters: parameter settings for HIVE connection, filled in in JSON form

  2.Use HiveServer2 HA Zookeeper to connect

 <p align="center">
    <img src="/img/hive1-en.png" width="80%" />
  </p>

Note: If you enable **kerberos**, you need to fill in **Principal**

<p align="center">
    <img src="/img/hive-en.png" width="80%" />
  </p>

#### 4.4 Create/Edit Spark data source

<p align="center">
   <img src="/img/spark-en.png" width="80%" />
 </p>

- Data source: select Spark
- Data source name: enter the name of the data source
- Description: Enter a description of the data source
- IP/Hostname: Enter the IP connected to Spark
- Port: Enter the port connected to Spark
- Username: Set the username for connecting to Spark
- Password: Set the password for connecting to Spark
- Database name: Enter the name of the database connected to Spark
- Jdbc connection parameters: parameter settings for Spark connection, filled in in JSON form

### 5. Security Center (Permission System)

>      * Only the administrator account in the security center has the authority to operate. It has functions such as queue management, tenant management, user management, alarm group management, worker group management, token management, etc. In the user management module, resources, data sources, projects, etc. Authorization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * Only the administrator account has the authority to operate security center. It has functions such as queue management, tenant management, user management, alarm group management, worker group management, token management etc. We can authorize resources, data sources, projects in the user management module.
```

Note: JAVA and Scala are only used for identification, there is no difference, if it is Spark developed by Python, there is no main function class, and the others are the same

#### 7.7 MapReduce(MR) node

- Using the MR node, you can directly execute the MR program. For the mr node, the worker will use the `hadoop jar` method to submit tasks

> Drag the ![PNG](https://analysys.github.io/easyscheduler_docs_cn/images/toolbar_MR.png) task node in the toolbar to the drawing board, as shown in the following figure:

1.  JAVA program

 <p align="center">
   <img src="/img/mr_java_en.png" width="80%" />
 </p>

- The class of the main function: is the full path of the Main Class, the entry point of the MR program
- Program type: select JAVA language
- Main jar package: is the MR jar package
- Command line parameters: set the input parameters of the MR program and support the substitution of custom parameter variables
- Other parameters: support -D, -files, -libjars, -archives format
- Resource: If the resource file is referenced in other parameters, you need to select and specify in the resource

> - User-defined parameter: It is a user-defined parameter of the MR part, which will replace the content with \${variable} in the script

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- User-defined parameter: It is a local user-defined parameter of the MR, which will replace the content with \${variable} in the script
```

2. Python program

<p align="center">
   <img src="/img/mr_edit_en.png" width="80%" />
 </p>

- Program type: select Python language
- Main jar package: is the Python jar package for running MR
- Other parameters: support -D, -mapper, -reducer, -input -output format, here you can set the input of user-defined parameters, such as:
- -mapper "mapper.py 1" -file mapper.py -reducer reducer.py -file reducer.py –input /journey/words.txt -output /journey/out/mr/\${currentTimeMillis}
- The mapper.py 1 after -mapper is two parameters, the first parameter is mapper.py, and the second parameter is 1
- Resource: If the resource file is referenced in other parameters, you need to select and specify in the resource

> - User-defined parameter: It is a user-defined parameter of the MR part, which will replace the content with \${variable} in the script

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- User-defined parameter: It is a local user-defined parameter of the MR, which will replace the content with \${variable} in the script
```

#### 7.8 Python Node

- Using python nodes, you can directly execute python scripts. For python nodes, workers will use `python **` to submit tasks.

> Drag in the toolbar![PNG](https://analysys.github.io/easyscheduler_docs_cn/images/toolbar_PYTHON.png)The task node to the drawing board, as shown in the following figure:

<p align="center">
   <img src="/img/python-en.png" width="80%" />
 </p>

- Script: Python program developed by the user
- Resources: refers to the list of resource files that need to be called in the script
- User-defined parameter: It is a local user-defined parameter of Python, which will replace the content with \${variable} in the script

#### 7.9 Flink Node

> - Drag in the toolbar<img src="/img/flink.png" width="35"/>The task node to the drawing board, as shown in the following figure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Drag in the toolbar<img src="/img/flink.png" width="35"/> task node to the drawing board, as shown in the following figure:
```

</p>

- Program type: supports JAVA, Scala and Python three languages
- The class of the main function: is the full path of the Main Class, the entry point of the Flink program
- Main jar package: is the Flink jar package
- Deployment mode: support three modes of cluster and local
- Number of slots: You can set the number of slots
- Number of taskManage: You can set the number of taskManage
- JobManager memory number: You can set the jobManager memory number
- TaskManager memory number: You can set the taskManager memory number
- Command line parameters: Set the input parameters of the Spark program and support the substitution of custom parameter variables.
- Other parameters: support --jars, --files, --archives, --conf format
- Resource: If the resource file is referenced in other parameters, you need to select and specify in the resource
- Custom parameter: It is a local user-defined parameter of Flink, which will replace the content with \${variable} in the script

Note: JAVA and Scala are only used for identification, there is no difference, if it is Flink developed by Python, there is no class of the main function, the others are the same

#### 7.10 http Node

> - Drag in the toolbar<img src="/img/http.png" width="35"/>The task node to the drawing board, as shown in the following figure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Drag in the toolbar<img src="/img/http.png" width="35"/> task node to the drawing board, as shown in the following figure:
```

<p align="center">
   <img src="/img/http-en.png" width="80%" />
 </p>

- Node name: The node name in a workflow definition is unique.
- Run flag: Identifies whether this node can be scheduled normally, if it does not need to be executed, you can turn on the prohibition switch.
- Descriptive information: describe the function of the node.
- Task priority: When the number of worker threads is insufficient, they are executed in order from high to low, and when the priority is the same, they are executed according to the first-in first-out principle.
- Worker grouping: Tasks are assigned to the machines of the worker group to execute. If Default is selected, a worker machine will be randomly selected for execution.
- Number of failed retry attempts: The number of times the task failed to be resubmitted. It supports drop-down and hand-filling.
- Failed retry interval: The time interval for resubmitting the task after a failed task. It supports drop-down and hand-filling.
- Timeout alarm: Check the timeout alarm and timeout failure. When the task exceeds the "timeout period", an alarm email will be sent and the task execution will fail.
- Request address: http request URL.

> - Request type: support GET, POSt, HEAD, PUT, DELETE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Request type: support GET, POST, HEAD, PUT, DELETE.
```

- Request parameters: Support Parameter, Body, Headers.
- Verification conditions: support default response code, custom response code, content included, content not included.
- Verification content: When the verification condition selects a custom response code, the content contains, and the content does not contain, the verification content is required.

> - Custom parameter: It is a user-defined parameter of http part, which will replace the content with \${variable} in the script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Custom parameter: It is a local user-defined parameter of http, which will replace the content with \${variable} in the script.
```

#### 7.11 DATAX Node

- Drag in the toolbar<img src="/img/datax.png" width="35"/>Task node into the drawing board

  <p align="center">
   <img src="/img/datax-en.png" width="80%" />
  </p>

- Custom template: When you turn on the custom template switch, you can customize the content of the json configuration file of the datax node (applicable when the control configuration does not meet the requirements)
- Data source: select the data source to extract the data
- sql statement: the sql statement used to extract data from the target database, the sql query column name is automatically parsed when the node is executed, and mapped to the target table synchronization column name. When the source table and target table column names are inconsistent, they can be converted by column alias (as)

> - Target library: select the target library for data synchronization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Target database: select the target database for data synchronization
```

- Target table: the name of the target table for data synchronization

> - Pre-sql: Pre-sql is executed before the sql statement (executed by the target library).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pre-sql: Pre-sql is executed before the sql statement (executed by the target database).
```

> - Post-sql: Post-sql is executed after the sql statement (executed by the target library).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Post-sql: Post-sql is executed after the sql statement (executed by the target database).
```

- We define this benchmark variable as $[...] format, $[yyyyMMddHHmmss] can be decomposed and combined arbitrarily, such as: $[yyyyMMdd], $[HHmmss], \$[yyyy-MM-dd], etc.

- The following format can also be used:

      * Next N years：$[add_months(yyyyMMdd,12*N)]
      * N years before：$[add_months(yyyyMMdd,-12*N)]
      * Next N months：$[add_months(yyyyMMdd,N)]
      * N months before：$[add_months(yyyyMMdd,-N)]
      * Next N weeks：$[yyyyMMdd+7*N]
      * First N weeks：$[yyyyMMdd-7*N]
      * Next N days：$[yyyyMMdd+N]
      * N days before：$[yyyyMMdd-N]
      * Next N hours：$[HHmmss+N/24]
      * First N hours：$[HHmmss-N/24]
      * Next N minutes：$[HHmmss+N/24/60]
      * First N minutes：$[HHmmss-N/24/60]

#### 8.3 <span id=UserDefinedParameters>User-defined parameters</span>

- User-defined parameters are divided into global parameters and local parameters. Global parameters are global parameters passed when saving workflow definitions and workflow instances. Global parameters can be referenced in the local parameters of any task node in the entire process.

>   example：

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For example：
```
